# oUF_Lua API:

	- Importing oUF_Lua engine:
	local T, C, L, G = unpack(select(2, ...))

## element:SetOutside(frame, xOffset, yOffset)
	- Resize the element inside a frame with xOffset and yOffset pixel spacing.
	- If frame, xOffset and yOffset are not specified, it will try to anchor to
	parent with default spacing, equal to 2 pixels.

## element:SetInside(frame, xOffset, yOffset)
	- Resize the element outside a frame with xOffset and yOffset pixel spacing.
	- If frame, xOffset and yOffset are not specified, it will try to anchor to
	parent with default xOffset and yOffset values, equal to 2 pixels.
	
## frame:SetTemplate("Template", texture)
	- Set a backdrop that cover the exact size of the frame according
	to a chosen template.
	- **texture = true** it will use C.media.normTex
	- **texture = false** it will use the default C.media.blankTex

## frame:HideInsets()
	- Hide border generated by backdrop from **frame:SetTemplate("Template", texture)**.

## frame:SetBorder("Template", texture)
	- Set a backdrop around the frame according to a chosen template.
	- **texture = true** it will use C.media.normTex
	- **texture = false** it will use the default C.media.blankTex

## frame:SetBorderColor(r, g, b)
	- Easier way to change backdrop border color created by **frame:CreateBackdrop("Template", texture)**.
	
## frame:SetShadow("Template")
	- Create a shadow effect on the edge of the frame according to a chosen template.

## frame:Kill()
	- Unregister all events from this frame and kill its process for ever.

### Templates:

	- "Default" : use default color according to what we have set via /media/medias.lua

	- "Transparent" : Same as "Default" but with Transparent background

	- "ClassColor" : Same as "Default" but with class colored border.